the next one is up the amp this is a
lavender violet color and a dupe for
this is the Revlon berry Haute lipstick
this is the map of the amp and that's
Revlon's berry ho t looks a little bit
lighter on camera and they both have the
same sort of creamy texture and finish
the next one is rebel and this is a deep
pinkish purple and the Duke that I found
for this lipstick is the wet-and-wild
908 C lipstick and it's called sugarplum
fairy and that looks like that it is max
rebel lipstick and that's the wet and
wild one the wet and wild one is
slightly pigmented and is the matte
finish and this is a satin finish so you
would get more pigmentation from the wet
my lipstick so if you did have the wet
and wild already you don't have to get
the rebel because they are quite similar
in shades
the next one is Bob Teddy and this is
meant to be a deep tone beige color and
the Duke that I found for this is the
Rimmel spot light beige lipstick and
that looks like that this is max velvet
teddy lipstick and that's the Rimmel
spotlight beige as you can see spotlight
babies more on a creamy side and this is
a matte finish but they are very similar
in shades but I do like velvet tell you
right now do you like the finish of
velvet teddy a lot more than I do
first but by beige
the next one is snob and this is a this
is described as a ladylike move with a
movi pink shade and B Duke that I could
find for this is the Revlon pink blush
lipstick this is snob and that's the
Revlon pink blush obviously snob is
slightly lighter and they're both matte
finishes
next lipstick is max fo and this is a
muted mauve pink one of my favorite MAC
lipsticks and the closest I could find
which you really can't even see there
Maybelline lipstick in pinky beige so
this is the Mac faux lipstick and that's
pinky beige quest and royal finger beige
is really share and faux is a satin
finish but I would probably stick to fo
the lighting the sun's shining so it's
sort of making it brighter or I probably
stick to focus pose a lot nicer and you
don't have to keep applying it to get
your shade
the next lipstick is hug me and this is
just a flesh peek this was the first
lipstick I ever bought for Mac and the
dupe for this is the Revlon lipstick in
blush this is the MAC lipstick and hug
me and that's the Revlon lipstick they
are pretty similar pretty spot-on to be
honest and the Mac corners even though
it's a lot to finish still slightly more
pigmented than the Revlon one but if you
do have the Revlon lipstick or can get
the hold of it then I would also suggest
to do so as well
then we have going uptown which is a
fuchsia color the lips are so found or a
covergirl the covergirl lip stick in
spellbound and a Revlon lip stick in
fuchsia and this has got about town this
is the covergirl lipstick and that's the
Revlon fuchsia it's probably the Revlon
is probably more similar to the MAC
lipstick from the covergirl one and they
all sort of have similar finishes
and then the last lipstick I have is so
showed this is a really bright intense
reddish orange lipstick missing matte
finish and the closest dupe I could find
was the wet and wild 970 lipstick in
purty persimmon this is the matte
lipstick and this is the wet my lipstick
pretty similar although amok is a lot
more intense more of a vibrant and more
pigmented shade riding like them both
though if you do have this lipstick or
can get hold of the lipstick by Wet
smiles what someone obviously is from
the youth from the US so you can't get
in the UK and this is the wisest all I
could find so I would definitely go of
the party persimmon lipstick
so that's pretty much all the lipsticks
I could find I literally have to buy 90%
done of the lips as I showed you because
I didn't have hardly anything in mind in
my ellipsis collection I do have more
lipsticks from Mac they couldn't get
Dukes for like pink plaid and pink
Nouveau so this is pink plaid I also
have pink Nouveau and that looks like
that so in my collection I don't have
anything that's close to those colors
but if you do let me know down below if
you do have any dupes for those close
but that's all I have for the video it
was quite long but I hope it helped -
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you my next video bye guys